Update getting started with content management (#5196)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_getting-started-with-content-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="getting-started-with-content-management"]
= Getting started with content management

[role="_abstract"]

> To get productive synchronizing and distributing your content after installing {Project}, import initial content into your {ProjectServer}, and set up a content delivery pipeline to distribute that content to your hosts.

Reviewer: This opening sentence is hard to understand on first read. I'd suggest something closer to this:
```suggestion
After installing {Project}, productively synchronize and distribute your content by importing initial content into your {ProjectServer} and setting up a content delivery pipeline to distribute that content to your hosts.
```
or this
```suggestion
After installing {Project}, to become more productive synchronizing and distributing your content, import initial content into your {ProjectServer} and set up a content delivery pipeline to distribute that content to your hosts.
```

> After installing {Project}, to become more productive synchronizing and distributing your content, import initial content into your {ProjectServer} and set up a content delivery pipeline to distribute that content to your hosts.

Reviewer 2: What does "become more productive" mean?

Maybe "to efficiently distribute software to hosts in your environment"?

```suggestion
After installing {Project}, to efficiently distribute software to your hosts, import initial content into your {ProjectServer} and set up a content delivery pipeline to synchronize to {Project} and distribute that content to your hosts.
```

Author: This is based on the wording for the (downstream) definition of "getting started" content: `Perform the simplest first tasks to become productive with the product` and `Quickly learn how to do something meaningful with the product after installation`. I'd like to keep some of the wording in the abstract because I'd like to make it clear from the start that this isn't a manual to learn how to manage software; it's a manual to start managing software and feel productive.

I'm wondering if simply dropping "more" would help?

```suggestion
After installing {Project}, to become productive synchronizing and distributing your content, import initial content into your {ProjectServer} and set up a content delivery pipeline to distribute that content to your hosts.
```
